Rules of LUDO:

Setup and First Turns:
1. Choose one of the 4 corners of the board as your home base. Take all 4 pieces that are the same color.
Put all 4 of the pieces inside of your home base to finish setting up.
2. Arbitrarily allocate which player takes turn first. Each player gets to roll in turns.
3. Roll a 6 to move a piece out of your base onto the main track. Pieces in home base aren't considered "in the game"
until they move onto the squares of the main track after rolling a 6. If 1-5 is received when all pieces
are in the same base, then the player's turn ends without making a move.
4. After anytime a 6 is rolled, a bonus roll is earned. If three 6s are rolled in a row, the turn automatically ends.
5. Once a piece is moved after rolling any number besides a 6, the player's turn is ended.

Gameplay:
1. At the start of each turn, the player rolls the die. If there are multiple pieces in play in the board,
one of them should be chosen to move during the turn. Anytime a 6 is rolled, the player has the option to either
move a piece out of his home base onto the main track or or move a different piece around the board.
2.If the dice roll makes the player's piece land exactly in the same space as another player's piece, their
piece is taken off the board and placed in their home base to set them back. The player get's another die roll and follow step1.
Star marked space is a safe space and capturing is not allowed here.
3. If you land on the same square as another one of your pieces, place them next to or on top of each other to create
the block. The other players cannot pass the square with a block without getting on top of it. But you can still move 
them with your pieces to get ahead on the board. 
	- On a future turn, you are allowed to move the whole block if you roll an even number. 
	- If you move the block as a whole, you are not allowed to break the block until you reach a star. If you don't have an even roll 
	and no other pieces to move, your turn is over.
	- The opponent player can capture both the pieces of your block if he lands on the same space using his block of two pieces with even die rolls.
	- If you have three or more pieces in the exact same space, another player can capture the top piece if the die roll allows it.

Winning:
1. Make 1 complete lap clockwise around the board's maintrack until you reach the bottom square of the home column. 
Rather than continuing around the outer track, now your piece can move into the home column toward the finishing square in the middle. 
	- Only pieces that match the color if the home column are allowed to move into them	
	- Once you move a piece into the home column, it can't be captured by any other players.
	- Making more than 1 lap by a piece is prohibited.
2. Once you move a piece into your home column, you cannot jump over your own spaces. If you roll the
exact number of spaces you need to reach the finishing square in the middle of the board or less, then you are alllowed
to move your piece. If no other pieces are left, your turn is over.
3. Move all 4 of your pieces to the finishing square. Once all player gets all 4 of their pieces off the board, their game is over.
4. A maximum of 50 turns are allowed per player, following which, the game is over for that player and all his pieces are taken off the board.
5. Each player get's points by moving their pieces. 1 space moves = 1 point. When pawns reach finishing square, scores are multiplied -
	2x, 3x, 4x and 5x for the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th pawn respectively.